It's Chef Talin
Even if it's shit
I want to try it too hehe
OK
My mother
What kind of delicious food is this?
Chef Lin, I want all this pot
Even Chef Ge recognized him
Then I want to try one too
How is it? How does it taste?
It's really delicious
Hurry up, give me a copy too
I want too I want too
I want to give it to me too
I want it too, I want it too
Give me one too
How is Xianggong's business?
What's the matter? Is business bad?
It doesn't matter.
Even if business is bad
I'll find a way to pay my taxes too
And I can also go to work for you to study?
Why is this so much money, lady?
I got all this money from selling crayfish.
It's only sold now, but it's a thousand hundred
Xianggong, you are so amazing, hahahaha.
Who is looking for me?
Boss Lin, can you make it easy for us to find?
Introduce yourself
I am the owner of Tongfu Hotel.
My name is Chow Tai Fook
What are you looking for me for?
Boss Lin, the crayfish you made is in our Ping County.
That's a must.
I don't know if you are interested.
Let's talk about investment together, haha.
I have money and I can help you scale up
How much are you going to invest in this?
It depends on your courage, Boss Lin.
You pay for the technology, I pay for it.
Let's work together to be the richest man in Ping County
What do you think?
Recently, I have also been planning a new approach for a family
That's right.
Hey, I just got two hundred taels.
This
2000 silver is a lot
Are you sure as long as I have the technology?
Then you don't trust me so much, hahaha.
Ahhh! My stomach hurts!
My stomach hurts too
The pain is killing me.